>> Scott Moss: The next thing we're gonna
do is we're gonna write some tests.
So because what good is all
this if we're not writing
tests?
>> Scott Moss: I'm gonna checkout to
lesson 4.
And basically, lesson 4 is like
the same thing as lesson 3 solution.
And leading up to what I was saying
about me abstracting this app out is so
that I can write tests for it.
This is pretty much what
you're gonna be doing.
So there's a couple
ways you can test this.
If you think about it,
you can just forget about lambda, right?
Just forget about it,
you're just testing an express out.
And at that point, you could test this
however you want, this is an express out.
But then if you're like,
well actually, yeah,
I wanna test what's happening in
lambda and see what's going on here.
Let me get this to go away.
I wanna test this whole thing.
You could do that too, but
what good is that gonna do?
Really, it's just testing some
library that you downloaded.
What's the point of doing that,
at least in this example?
So I don't really recommend testing that.
And also It's a good practice, and
I talked about this yesterday in
the other course, that when you
create these functions like that,
you just don't put stuff in this
function that you can't test, right?
So for instance, let's get rid of this.
Let's just get rid of this for now.
And I just write my own function here.
>> Scott Moss: And
I got the event, the context.
And then I decide to come in here and
I'm gonna make another function.
How are you gonna test this function?
Can you tell me how you're
gonna test this function?
You can't test this function.
You can only test that it ran
like testing this function.
This function was declared inside
of handler so there's no way,
you don't have access to it.
You can't just say,
let me grab function two and test it.
You can't, it's stuck in this function so
the only way that you could ever test it
is if you were to call it in here at
one point and then you test handler.
And then find some way to, I mean,
what you would have to do is
you would expect this function
to do some type of mutation and
then hopefully that mutation
is returned by this handler.
And then you'd check the mutation for
a value,
that is the worst way to test something,
that's really bad.
Just don't do it.
Or unless you're like,
I'm gonna put some state up here again and
I will mutate that state down here.
You're like man and then you're gonna
test this state to see if it changed.
That's really bad, so don't do that.
You won't be able to test anything and
you're gonna drive yourself crazy.
So what you should do instead is one,
don't declare things like
that in your functions and
instead declare other functions and
use them inside of this function.
And you can just test them individually,
and everything's good to go.
So that's what I recommend doing which
is why I have this set out here.
Everybody follow me on that?
It's just good testing, in general.
And I don't know how that
applies to other languages, but
in JavaScript that's definitely the truth.
So as far as writing tests, what you can
do is we'll just make a new file in here
and we'll call this api.spec.js.
We're gonna be using jests for
testing, which should already
be set up in the package.json.
And it's just a simple command, jest.
There's some other options
we can pass here, but
we're not using databases and
we're not doing anything like that.
So we can just use
the default jest command.
Default, it'll look for
a spec file and run it for us.
We don't have to do anything.
And luckily for us,
jest is basically Mocha, but better.
So if you know Mocha, I'm sorry,
it's basically Jasmine, but better.
But then Jasmine is also just
Mocha cuz Mocha came from Jasmine.
So they're all the same.
So you can just come in here and
you just write some text.
So I'm gonna say describe API.
And just to see if this is working,
I'm gonna say test.
Instead of saying it, I'm gonna say test
which is what jest likes to use, but
I believe you can still say it.
>> Scott Moss: And
then expect is built into jest,
so I can just say expect and
I'm just gonna say expect (1) toBe(1).
And we'll see if that runs,
just to make sure our test isn't
broken.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
looks like it should be okay.
So what we're going to
do is go into this API.
I want you to think of a strategy
of how you want to test this.
My recommendation is test
this the express way.
Use an express type thing to test this and
I can give you a hint
of what you could use.
If you look at the package at JSON,
there's this, right here,
supertest if you use that,
you could just look it up.
I would use that to test my ExpressUp,
it's pretty simple.
So I always have some tests and
do that and
see if you can just get some tests running
for this which will be really cool.
And it shouldn't take too long,
there's no right or wrong here.
I just want you to get in the habit
of realizing that writing tests for
a lambda function is pretty much the same
thing as writing a test for anything,
if you write it in such a way.
You should never be at the point where
you're testing the event object and
the context object.
If you're testing that,
it's like, what are you doing?
Why are you doing that?
You shouldn't even be testing that.
Make another function that takes
the values from those objects and
test those things.
You shouldn't be testing
the handlers themselves.
That's not your job to ensure that the
handler is receiving the right arguments.
That's AWS's job, so
you shouldn't be testing those.
If your handler's not
receiving the right argument,
there's nothing you can do about it and
passing tests isn't gonna help you.
Your function is gonna fail
because AWS messed up, so
there's no point in testing that.